Homework 2 
Grace Neumayer

Question 1
a) "unknown" is a local variable, therefore it will not be bound until the function is run. 
    once the function is run then it is within its scope and it will be defined.
    but this particular variable isnt ever declared so it wont run properly.
b) "loc" is declared within the function so it is local to that function therfore it only exsists within that function.

Question 2
Test1 is in the scope, test2 is in a hole in the scope, so when glob is printed it will have main and test1 stored,
but test2 had a local redefinition of glob which will not remain after test2 is complete.

Question 3
a) x = hello
b) I do not know how to answer this, I have never used Java before...

Question 4
a) function scope is when a variable declared within a function is only visible in that function and not outside of it.
   var is often a function scope variable type.
b) block scope is when a variable is declared within something like an if, switch, conditions or a for, while loop
   then it is visible only within that statement, but not outside the curly brackets.
c) Initially I got an error for i, but once i declared it my output was x = hello. 
   This is because var x is a function scope which means that it will hold the change made within the for loop.
   
Question 5
a) I would expect the output to be: 
   x=hello
   i=10
   and the last print would be an error because i is not defined outside of the function.
b) the output was as I expected. x is hello because var x is fuction scope,
   i is 10 from the count and it is also function scope, 
   and the last error is because the i is out of scope so it is not defined.
   
Question 6
a) x = 10
c) var is generally a function scope variable whiile let is generally a block scope variable.
   var will be defined within its function, and let will be defined within its curly brackets (if, switch, for, while).
   
Question 7
last line outputs hello
a) var x is declared as a global variable, but var x within funtion f is fuction scope and so
   the redefined value is held only within the funtion
   and outside the function it defaults back to the global definition.
b) from what I gather from the code, javaScript does not require declare before use, as var x within the function f is declared after its use.

Question 8
...to be continued
